# rockpaperscissors
A game of rock, paper, scissors.

9/7/22
This is the next phase of my fullstack development studies. Been steadily learning JavaScript and now it's time to put it to the test. I will be creating a basic rock, paper, scissors game that lets the user play against the computer. The basic version of this game will have no interface and the game will be played completely from the console. Later, I will add an interface and maybe even add some more complexity (e.g. rock paper scissors lizard spock). By the end of this project, I'll have a better understanding of JavaScript. Already throughout learning, I have noticed that my background in Computer Engineering is very helpful. I'm using this experience as not only a way to learn something new and practical, but also to brush up on and improve my original coding and problem-solving skills that I had gained from a few years of college. Hopefully, I'll be able to kill two birds with one stone and not have to do too much LeetCode (blegh).
9/10/22
Finished first iteration of rock paper scissors game. Right now, there is no input checking and the game only runs in the console. In the future, this game will be updated to include a graphical user interface. This will actually eliminate the need to add input checking, so for now I will just assume that the user doesn't input something else other than rock, paper, or scissors. I will say that this program helped me brush up on the most fundamental skills of programming like loops and variables, but it definitely does not substitute for something like LeetCode. I expected this but there was hope. Anyway, this was a simple and fun programming exercise. Excited to learn more!

9/16/22
Finished basic UI for this game. Took a bit of reworking code to get the event listeners to work but now there's a button for each option and the game plays until someone reaches 5 points. Once that happens, the game alerts the user to who won and the page is reloaded. Planning to work on style a bit afterwards to make the game look prettier.